Adds T3 Stack explainer (#3196)
github/explore: topics/t3-stack/index.md

---

> aliases: t3, t3-stack

Reviewer: You can't use the topic as an alias for itself 😇 . This should get CI green:

```suggestion
aliases: t3
```

Author: Thanks!

created_by: T3 Open Source
display_name: T3 Stack
github_url: https://github.com/t3-oss
short_description: The T3 Stack is a web development stack focused on simplicity, modularity, and full-stack typesafety.
topic: t3-stack
url: https://create.t3.gg
---

> The _"T3 Stack"_ is a web development stack made by [Theo](https://twitter.com/t3dotgg) focused on **simplicity**, **modularity**, and **full-stack typesafety**. It consists of:

Reviewer: Let's simplify this visually a bit:

```suggestion
The T3 Stack is a web development stack made by [Theo](https://twitter.com/t3dotgg) focused on simplicity, modularity, and full-stack type safety. It consists of:
```
